---
layout: post
title:  "Everything's fiction"
date:   2017-06-26 22:52:28 +0000
categories: writing
---
Nothing you experience is recountable. If you see a fender bender in a parking lot, there's no way that you can make someone else understand completely what you saw. Even if they were standing right next to you while it happened watching the same thing, even if you talked about together right after it happened, you'll never be able to convey to that person what you experienced in that moment. Sure, you and that other person might see the one driver on their phone not paying attention and the other driver waiting for some pedestrians. You both might hear the bang, but one person's perception of that event compared to another will be completely different experiences. Each one's upbringing, their distastes, their physical size, their level of needed eye correction, their age, their level of anger upon seeing injustice, their brain chemistry - all these things are just some of the countless factors causing a difference in experience upon witnessing anything.

So then you and this other person that saw the wreck, you go home. You tell your family or call someone and tell them what happened. Even if you tell them all the details correctly as they happened, you can never recount what happened to a degree that will make them feel what they would feel if they were right there when it happened. Even if they were standing essentially in the exact same place where you were when the wreck happened. Even if another person were standing right in the same place looking in exact same spot, they would be attuned to a completely different set of details than you. They would have a different experience, possibly due to the same reasons mentioned above like age, upbringing, physical size, glasses prescription, and brain chemistry.

When you recount any experience, you are using language of some sort, facial expressions, creativity with wording, and so forth. You might want this story to seem interesting. If it's about how you saw a person causing a wreck by looking at their phone and how that made you angry, you might want the person you're telling this story to feel as angry about the situation as you.

Maybe it's food. You had a great meal. It was so good that you want to share your experience with a friend. But your tongues are different.
